Oh
hi guys Laura Vitale and on this episode
of Laura in the kitchen I want to show
you how to make some ground beef tacos
really simple yet it's been requested
here for so long and since Cinco de Mayo
is quickly approaching I figured it'd be
a perfect time to do a taco night in
your house because this is what we're
doing in the battalion castle this year
last year was fajita this year's tacos
and I'm really excited to share the
recipe with you now I make tons of
different variations of tacos I make
pulled pork tacos I make grilled taco
strip I mean tons but this is kind of
basic ground beef that everyone knows
and it's really simple the ingredient
you don't need oh just some ground beef
you'll need some finely chopped onion
this is one small onion then for spices
and you're going to need some ground
chili onion garlic paprika oregano cumin
ground coriander some cornstarch black
pepper tomato sauce water some light
olive oil or you could use some
vegetable oil and some salt that's it
you could also of course use just a
packet of taco seasoning but that's
usually mostly salt and I'm always
advising people against it because if
you've got spices in your hand and your
cut board or your pantry you can make
your very own taco seasoning one which
is what I do so let's get started I've
got a skill here with high sides with a
few tablespoons a couple tablespoons of
light olive oil preheating does that I'm
gonna add in my ground beef I'm just
gonna break it up as much as I can with
my 1 spoon I'm just gonna let this cook
for about 5 to 6 minutes 1 so it's
mostly cook through looking good I'm
gonna add in my onions now if your feet
you know you take now get a lot of fat
renders out from it then by all means
just get rid of him but mine really did
in as you can see it's not a whole lot
in there at all or whatever is in there
it's windy just enough to cook the
onions I've just turned the heat down to
about medium halfway between medium and
medium-low now I'm just going to let my
onions cook for about 5 to 6
this one so they've cooked down quite a
bit you're still gonna break up my meat
as much as possible but that's about it
that looks great now at this point I'm
going to season this with some salt and
now this is why I prefer making my own
taco seasoning because I'd like to be
able to control how much salt goes into
my food okay so this is ready I've
turned this back up well actually I
haven't turned I'm turn it back up to
medium
it wasn't about medium-low now what I'm
going to do is I'm going to take my
water my tomato sauce I just said to
Mater Wow
whole new vocabulary they all are and
then just take all of my spices and my
corn starch the corn starch is what
thickens the sauce so that's key here
mix this up just like you would regular
taco seasoning you know your taco
seasoning packet just pour it in boom
what I'm going to do now is what's a
simmer for about ten minutes or until
the liquid has reduced a bit and the
sauce has thickened and we'll be ready
to serve and I'll show you how I like to
service for it like all my little fixing
that is done and look at that mmm
now just so you know this recipe works
just as well with ground turkey or
ground chicken it's delicious now this
is done and these are some of my
must-haves toppings you need your Pico
I've got some black bean salsa here that
I adore some guacamole I've got some
shredded lettuce of course you need your
taco shells they can be hard soft you
name it whatever tickles your fancy
and then optional well I always have on
the table anyway some sour cream and
shredded cheddar
I don't gravitate towards the sour cream
and shredded cheddar I like the
creaminess to come from the from the
guacamole and I like I mean I'm not a
big fan of the cheddar but whatever you
tickles your fancy like I said you can
do whatever topping you want now I'm
going to get mine started and I'm going
to warn you that this is probably going
to look ridiculous just because while
the taco
meats and like the taco filling itself
is delicious
I love the topping I love like mounding
on toppings I don't know why I just
touches that's probably why
oh yes you got it had my guac that's got
that creaminess the line oh yeah and
then just a little bit of a lettuce
right over the top this is going to look
embarrassing so do not judge me because
I'm sure that you have looked like this
once or twice eating a taco taco night
will be a success in your house if you
make this recipe mmm it's incredibly
simple and easy you can do any topping
you want it makes a feast for everyone
double up the recipe if it's feeding
eight people if you're feeding for such
as plenty that's it girl are in the
kitchen calm to get this recipe I hope
you enjoy spending time with me
you